Stage One CI Integration step implemented along with CLI command to i… (#10)
astropy/nbcollection: docs/ci/index.rst

nbcollection-ci Overview
########################

nbcollection-ci provides a collection of commands to manage Jupyter Notebook build machinery. It aims to monitor and

> manage repositories at scale so the build engineer may provide a seemless experiance for the Scientific Reviewers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
manage repositories at scale so the build engineer may provide a seamless experience for the Scientific Reviewers
```

License
-------

> 

Reviewer: I believe we will be BSD 3-clause
